Now we are going to add rules in that application.
If we go back to our database and if we examine the ESPN at Rhodes table, you will notice that we do
not have any rules created by default.
So this means we have to create our rules.
So how can we create rules?
The first question that we should be solving?
Ideally, rules will be created when we are seeding our database that we will show in the later part
of the course.
But right now, we need to figure out a way to create rules.
Let's do that inside the register.
That's a demo, and we can do that inside the cat handler.
In order to create rules, we have something called as a road manager right here.
You notice we have to use a manager that we are getting with the help of dependency injection.
Similarly, we have a road manager, so that may create a private read only road manager and it will
be on the D5 type off road, which is Identity Road.
That is the default role that we get with ESPN at identity.
I recall that underscored road manager and here in the constructor where they get road manager.
Which will be on identity row roll, they call that road manager.
So we'll say underscore for a manager is equal to or as manager.
Then if we go into on get handler, we have helper method on general manager.
Method to create a sink, which expects an identity row survivor to create new identity role.
And in fact, there we just need to pass the string name, which will be our own bill so we can say
something like hatman.
And that will create an identity for all.
But it is a bad idea to use magic strings.
We have a constant fight for that which is inside the utility project historic detail.
So inside here I can create four rolls off our Web site, admin and employee will be the management
side or from the company side.
And then we have two rules.
One is individual users.
That is the end user.
And next is a company user.
So these are the two end users that we will have company will have some different requirements as compared
to the individual users when it comes to character management.
So we have four questions here.
If we go back to what register, rather than using the strings, we will use ecstatic detail.
We will press control, start to act.
The project reference on static details.
We have admin.
So right now we are creating Pacman.
And you can see this is an async method.
That's fine because our action method is also async here.
But if you want it to be executed as synchronously, then we can call Castelveter on there and get result.
What it will do is it will call the async method wait for the results only then it will move to the
next line.
So we are creating admin here.
Let me paste it into the create theater rules for employee.
We have individual users.
And we have company.
So with this, all different rules will be created.
But what this will do is every time the cat handler is called, it will go to the database and create
this rules.
We only want to create if the rules do not exist in the database, so we can happen if condition and
on roll manager.
We have another helper method, which is a rule exists sync.
This will check if were already accessed or not.
So if you can check any one of them, because as long as one of them does not exist, we will create
all four rules of our website.
We will add and not sign.
And since this is an async method, we will use the cat.
We do not get result to get the result here.
So if the rule do not exist, we will create these four rules inside our database.
Let's run the application and see what happens.
We added that inside to get handler, so all we have to do is load the register page.
But what will happen is when people click on register, we will see an error message with email sender
and perfect.
You see, we have an edit here which could not resolve an email sender.
Now what exactly is happening here?
Would it not change anything with the email sender?
So why are we getting this weird error message?
The reason behind that is simple.
What we did is in programmed answer.
Yes, we are not using the default identity when you use default identity.
You get some things by default.
But if it is a custom identity, then you have to make your own changes.
Up that was adding that default token provider.
Same thing.
What we have to do is if we go back to the register page model that is open here.
If you examine on the top here in dependency injection, we expect an email sender and its implementation
using dependency injection.
This email tender is the genetic for sending email inside the identity that you want.
We do not have any class that implements that interface because after which when it tries to get an
implementation independencia injection, we get that error message.
So to start that, what we can do is inside the utility project, for now, we will add a fake implementation
of the email sender.
So let me add a class here, email, sender.
This will be a public class.
And this will implement the i e mail sender.
With a press control tucked inside the package, Microsoft at ESPN Echo Dot identity.
Don't you worry.
Once that is done, we will have to implement the interface and one method that we have here rather
than throwing exception.
We will just say task, don't complete a task.
So we are not sending any emails right now, but we'll just say the task was completed.
That's a fake implementation of email sender.
With that, we would not get the error message anymore.
So let's run the application and see if we can create rules when we hit the register page.
So let's click on register here.
And of course, we still get the same error message.
That is because we added the implementation of email sender, but we forgot to register that in program.
That's yes.
So where we have registered in a tough work, we can also add a singleton implementation of email.
Singleton is fine because we are sending emails.
We do not want to go with the scoped instance.
So with that now, the dependency injection should be able to resolve that, I email sender.
Let's check the register page and the page is loaded.
Let's go back and refresh the ESPN rules.
Perfect.
You can see four rules have been created inside our database.
So perfect our rules have been created in the database.